Create 2021-12-31-medical-diagnosis.md (#64)
hybrid-cloud-patterns/docs: _posts/2021-12-31-medical-diagnosis.md

# Validated Pattern: Medical Diagnosis
---
layout: post
date: 2021-12-31
title: Medical Diagnosis
published: true
tags:
- medical-diagnosis
- xray
- validated-pattern
---

> Our team recently completed the development of a validated pattern that showcases the capabilities we have at our fingertips when we combine OpenShift and other cutting edge Red Hat technologies to deliver a solution. We've taken an application written completely in Ansible and converted the kubernetes resources into manifests to be deployed, managed and monitored through ArgoCD. Using the validated pattern framework we are able to deploy, manage and integrate with multiple cutting edge Red Hat technologies, and provide a capability that the initial deployment strategy didn't have available to it: a lifecycle. Everything you need to take this pattern for a spin is in [git](https://github.com/hybrid-cloud-patterns/medical-diagnosis).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our team recently completed the development of a validated pattern that showcases the capabilities we have at our fingertips when we combine OpenShift and other cutting edge Red Hat technologies to deliver a solution. 

We've taken an application defined imperatively in an Ansible playbook and converted it into GitOps style declarative kubernetes resources. Using the validated pattern framework we are able to deploy, manage and integrate with multiple cutting edge Red Hat technologies, and provide a capability that the initial deployment strategy didn't have available to it: a lifecycle. Everything you need to take this pattern for a spin is in [git](https://github.com/hybrid-cloud-patterns/medical-diagnosis).
```

The image is uploaded to an S3-compatible object storage. This upload triggers an event from the storage, “a new image has been uploaded”,  that is sent into a Kafka topic. This topic is consumed by a KNative Eventing listener that triggers the launch of a KNative Serving instance. This instance is a containerimage  with the AI/ML model and the needed processing functions. Based on the information from the event it received, the container retrieves the image from the object store, pre-processes it, makes a prediction on the risk of pneumonia using the AI/ML model, and saves the result. A notification of those results is sent to the medical staff as well.

![](https://hybrid-cloud-patterns.io/images/medical-edge/physical-dataflow.png?raw=True)

For a recorded demo deploying the pattern and seeing the dashboards available to the user, check out our [docs page](https://hybrid-cloud-patterns.io/medical-diagnosis/)!

#### Pattern Deployment
---
Before getting started, you need to install the following packages and collections.
**PREREQUISITES** <br>

| Packages |
|:--------:|
| git |
| make |

> | ansible |

Reviewer: helm? oc?

Reviewer: Actually, let's not even put any of this here.  Lets just link to the install instructions

Author: @beekhof - i actually spun up a fresh vm so I could walk all the way through ( to catch assumptions ) and I hit this with oc and helm ... will link to install instructions
